# Airbnb-Data-analysis
Data Analysis of Airbnb Data Frame
 Airbnb is an American Company since 2007, it is an online marketplace that connects people who want to rent out their homes with people who are looking for accommodations in specific locales. 
                   We have our dataset from AirBnb based in NY. NY is amongst the most expensive places to live in the USA. We would like to perform an in-depth analysis on one of the most densely populated cities of the world. Our dataset is feature rich containing, location with coordinates, prices, host name, room types, availability throughout season. From these features we’ve tried to extract information like most expensive places to live in NY, is location really varies with occupancy rate, what type of room people tend to choose most, is there any particular season for tourists or locale when we can follow a surge in prices or occupancy rate of properties etc.
We have performed data wrangling, handled n/a values, created new features from the last reviewed date. 
                   Also, we’ve plotted location wise data and distribution of our numerical features, performed univariate and bivariate analysis with multiple dependencies. Though we haven’t handled outliers in our analysis, we also focused on neighbourhood groups or large areas of NY rather than small neighbourhoods. We weren’t able to perform sentiment analysis or property quality analysis due to the lack of data, but can conclude that Manhattan and Brooklyn are some of the most expensive areas of NY. People live a lavish life and tend not to prefer shared rooms even if shared rooms are cheaper. 
                  We can understand in the middle of the year there is a surge in occupancy rate. Also, location has a high relation on deciding a property price but that doesn’t mean property in popular locations will stay occupied for most of the season.

